hey rhythms drummers here's a really
easy way to play this tune
let it go
let's take a look at this strum pattern
diagram we have here our special
creation here at rhythm strimmer calm
we've got these down arrows and let's
see if you of them have letter bees over
them and that means to emphasize bass
strings and if you're really accurate
you can emphasize one single bass string
which would be the root of the chord in
this case a CAG an A or an F but if
you're not so accurate like I am
sometimes then you would just emphasize
bass strings that are kind of in that
neighborhood so what you're seeing here
is down strokes and then after every
fourth down stroke there's an up arrow
so that's gonna be a rhythm that sounds
like this down down down down up down
down down down up down down down down up
down down down down up down let's try it
on a C chord this is a pattern that'll
come in handy for a lot of different
songs so sound like this on the C chord
down
john-john
okay now let's try it on a G chord three
four
and let's do it on an a minor chord
three four
you get it
and the F chord
and now let's put all those together
I'll play it once through and then I'll
stop and then we'll do it together a
bunch of times three four
so I was gonna play it once but can I
played it twice but now let's do it
together a bunch of times on the c3 for
gee
a minor
see
few more times
so come join us at rhythm strimmer calm
and we'll teach you a whole lot more
about how to play the tune let it be
you